WORLDSERVICE-543: Refactor CTAs (#12603)
bbc/simorgh: src/app/components/CallToActionLinkComponent/Text/README.md

# Call To Action Link Text

## Description

A component that uses the Text component. It can be used to apply sets of custom styles.

> This component derives `size` and `fontVariant` values from the Context Provider. If none are provided it falls back to default values (`size`: `pica`, `fontVariant`: `sansBold`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component derives `size` and `fontVariant` values from the Context Provider. If none are provided it falls back to default values (`size: 'pica'`, `fontVariant: 'sansBold'`).
```

Reviewer: Do these fields also need to be listed in the props table below with defaults?

Author: I didn't include them in this README since they're not props of the Text component anymore. They are props of the parent CallToActionLink, and then passed down via the context provider.

I have updated the CallToActionLink README to include default values

## Props

| Name                         | type    | Description                                                                           |
| ---------------------------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | as?                          | string  | The HTML element to render the text in e.g. `h1`, `span`, `p`. The default is `span`. |

Reviewer: Shall we remove the `?` here, and instead have a column for whether it's mandatory or optional?

| children?                    | node    | The content included between the opening and closing tags of the Call to Action Text  |
| className?                   | string  | Permits `css` prop to be applied                                                      |
| shouldUnderlineOnHoverFocus? | boolean | Applies underline styling for interaction states instead of a thicker bottom border.  |

> ## Example ltr/rtl

Reviewer: I am not seeing examples of RTL/LTR below. Do we actually need them?

```javascript
<CallToActionLink.Text shouldUnderlineOnHoverFocus>
  I am a link
  <CallToActionLink.Chevron />
</CallToActionLink.Text>
```

## Styles

The default text styles mirror the default interaction state (`hover`, `focus` and `visited`) styles applied by the CallToActionLink and adds a thicker bottom border. (Some styles are duplicated to avoid issues with inheritance.)

The `shouldUnderlineOnHoverFocus` prop can be used to override these default styles. This means that colour and bottom border styles are not applied. Instead `textDecoration: 'underline'` is applied to `hover` and `focus` states.

The css prop can be used to apply further styles. This can be applied to the Text component directly. Or applied to a parent/ ancestor and targeted using nested selectors. For example:

For example:

```javascript
<CallToActionLink
  to={link}
  className="focusIndicatorInvert"
  eventTrackingData={eventTrackingData}
  css={styles.callToActionLink}
>
  <CallToActionLink.FlexWrapper>
    <CallToActionLink.Text shouldUnderlineOnHoverFocus>
      {linkText}
      <CallToActionLink.Chevron />
    </CallToActionLink.Text>
  </CallToActionLink.FlexWrapper>
</CallToActionLink>
```

> ```javascript

Reviewer: Should we mention this is within a index.styles.ts file?
